README.md, before:

# OpenDNSSEC

## Introduction

OpenDNSSEC was created as an open-source turn-key solution for DNSSEC. It
secures zone data just before it is published in an authoritative name server.

## More Information

More information can be found at the project website available at
http://www.opendnssec.org/ and on the development WIKI at
http://wiki.opendnssec.org/.

Information about announcements, bug reporting and mailing lists can be found
at http://www.opendnssec.org/support/.

## Dependencies

OpenDNSSEC depends on  a number of external packages:

- libxml2 (including xmllint)
- LDNS
- SQLite3

To run OpenDNSSEC, one must have at least one crypto module providing a PKCS#11
library, e.g. SoftHSM (http://www.opendnssec.org/softHSM)

When building from the source code repository, the following dependencies are
also needed:

- A Java runtime environment (JRE/JDK)

## Building from the source code repository

If the code is downloaded directly from the source code repository (git), you
have to prepare the configuration scripts before continuing with build:

1. Install automake, autoconf and libtool.
2. Run the command autogen.sh to build configure scripts etc.

Commit message:

Update readme for current plans

README.md, after:

# OpenDNSSEC

## Introduction

OpenDNSSEC was created as an open-source turn-key solution for DNSSEC. It
secures zone data just before it is published in an authoritative name server.

## More Information

More information can be found at the project website available at
http://www.opendnssec.org/ and on the development WIKI at
http://wiki.opendnssec.org/.

Information about announcements, bug reporting and mailing lists can be found
at http://www.opendnssec.org/support/.

## Notice:


    The develop branch is not the develop branch that is up for coming release, rather is for a future ODS-3.0 release.  The 2.1/develop branch is the current branch with fixes and active new developments for near term releases.

## Road Map

Mid May: release OpenDNSSEC with High Availability and ZoneMD.  Also contains some new hooks (for next release).

Early July: release OpenDNSSEC with CNDKEY and user available monitor and signalling hooks

Begin May: community commits based SoftHSMv2 release (pending Windows build currently).

August/September: Better insights in key rollover state (might be merged in July release in case July release runs late or already developed database migration proves to be already stable).
